---
layout: book
categories: book
title: REWORK
author: Jason Fried, David Hansson
ratings: "\U0001F345\U0001F345\U0001F345"
img: https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/41tTcBdGo0L._SY346_.jpg
tags: book

---


Ignore the real world.

"That would never work in the real world"

The real world isn't a plce, it's an excuse. It's a justification for not trying. It has nothing to do with you.


Workaholics aren't heroes. They don't save the day, they just use it up. The real hero is already home because she fidured out a faster way to get things done.


Having the idea for eBay has nothing to do with actually creating eBay. What you do is what matters, not what you think or say or plan.

Ideas are cheap and plentiful. The original pitch idea is such a small part of a business that it's almost negligible. The real question is how well you execute.


Strong opinions aren't free. You'll turn some people off.

If no one's upset by what you're saying, you're probably not pushing hard enough.

When you don't know what you believe, everything becomes an argument. Everything is debatable. but when you stand for something, decisions are obvious.

Standing for something isn't just about writing it down. It's about believing it and living it.



You're better off with a kick-ass half than a half-assed whole.

So start chopping. Getting to great starts by cutting out stuff that's merely good.


Whenever you can, swap "Let's think about it" for "Let's decide on it" Commit to making decisions. Don't wait for the perfect solution. Decide and move forward.


It's the stuff you leave out that matters. So constantly look for things to remove, simplify, and streamline. Be a curator. Stick to what's truly essential. Pare things down until you're left with only the most important stuff. Then do it again. You can always add stuff back in later if you need to.

The core of your business should be built around things that won't change. Things that people are going to want xyz and ten years from now. Those are the things you should invest in.


when something bad happends, tell your customers. don't think you can just sweep it under the rug. You can't hide anymore.
People will respect you more if you are open, honest, public, and responsive during a crisis.


The number-one principle to keep in mind when you apologize: How would you feel about the apology if you were on the other end? If someone said those words to you, would you believe them?


You don't create a culture. It happends. This is why new companies don't have a culture. Culture is the byproduct of consistent behavior. If you encourage people to share, then sharing will be built into your culture. If you reward trust, then trust will be built in. if you treat customers right, then treating customers right ecomes your culture.


When everything constantly needs approval, you create a culture of nonthinkers. You create a boss-versus-worker relationship that screams, "I don't trust you."


You don't need more hours; you need better hours.

You want busy people. People who have a life outside of work. People who care about more than one thing. You shouldn't expect the job to be someone's entire life - at least not if you want to keep them around for a long time.



Policies are organizational scar tissue. They are codified overreactions to situations that are unlikely to happen again.


So don't scar on the first cut. Don't create a policy because one person did something wrong once. Policies are only meant for situations that come up over and over again.



There are four-letter words you should never us in business. They're need, must, can't, easy, just, only, and fast. These words get in the way of healthy communication. They are red flags that introduce animosity, torpedo good discussions, and cause projects to be late.


ASAP is inflationary. If devalues any request that doesn't say ASAP. Before you know it, the only way to get anything done is by putting the ASAP sticker on it.


We all have ideas. Ideas are immortal. They last forever. What doesn't last forever is inspiration. Inspiration is like fresh fruit or milk: It has an expiration date.
