---
title: "today I learned, scope"
layout: post
date: 2018-10-29
categories: Blog
---

I was pretty shocked to my lack of deeper understanding of Javascript, so I started to read [`You Don't Know JS`](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS/) and watch `Deep JavaScript Foundations` by Kyle Simpson on [Frontendmasters](https://frontendmasters.com/courses/javascript-foundations/) again! Repetition really matters....!


### Understanding Scope in Javascript

**What is Scope?**

- The ability to store values and pull values out of variables is what gives a program *state*.
- But, where do those variables *live*?, where are they stored?, and how does our program find them when it need them?
- set of rules for storing variables : Scope

.

- JavaScript engine performes many of the same steps as compiled languages do.
- For JavaScript,the compilation that occurs happends mere microseconds before the code is executed. (JS engines use many tricks like JITs)

.

- In short, any snippet of JavaScript has to be compiled before (usually right before!) it's executed.


---

### Understanding Scope

- Engine: responsible for start-to-finish compilation and execution.
- Compiler: handles parsing and code-generation.
- Scope: collects and maintains a look-up list of all the declared identifiers.

.

**how it works?**

two distinct actions are taken for a variable assignment

1. Compiler declares a variable (if not previously declared in the current scope)
2. when executing, Engine looks up the variable in Scope and assigns to it, if found.


.
.



